[opening theme music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[thunder rumbles]
[rain patters]
[woman] You poor things.
Here child, take this and eat.
Oh, my dear!
I'll get you some more to eat.
Please take your time.
[munching]
[child laughs]
[ominous music playing]
[growls]
[door creaking]
Mom.
[growls]
[shrieks in terror]
[suspenseful music playing]
[yells]
[shrieks]
[screams in pain]
[growls, breathes heavily]
-[door opens]
-[woman] Geon!
[soft music playing]
You were to come to me if anything changed
to the body I put his soul into.
How could you let things get like this?
If he devouts another soul,
he can go back to normal.
You have to give him a chance.
Your son has run wild.
He can't be controlled.
I'll have to take back his soul.
[gasps] You can't! You can't.
You're the one
who turned my son into a soul shifter.
Either find a body
for his soul to go into,
or find someone
whose energy he can consume.
Please, save him!
You have to save my baby boy!
If anyone finds out I used this sorcery,
the two of us will be finished.
No!
[crying]
Geon.
Please, hold on! Just a little longer!
Honey.
-[ominous music playing]
-[growls]
[dramatic music playing]
[body cracking]
[slow emotional music playing]
[body thuds]
[Mu] When a soul shifter loses control,
why do their bodies turn to stone?
When the switched body
and the souls clash, a crack forms.
And the body starts losing its energy.
This will make eight soul shifters
who've already run wild.
I think I need to
stop performing the alchemy of souls.
I think you need to
immediately go to the royal palace.
His Highness has requested
information regarding the new spell
that you've been working on.
[ominous music playing]
[Seong inhales harshly]
[coughs]
[Seong coughing]
I've heard…
you've been trying to master a new spell.
Just some part of the tricks for fun,
it's hardly something
I would call a spell.
I know that I can not wish
to live any longer.
However,
I can only regret that I have no heir.
I will pray that
you recover your strength.
[Seong] It is too late
for this sickly body.
If I could just leave it,
and find another that was younger
and healthier than my own.
How could a person possibly change
the body they were born into?
But you're able to do it, can't you?
The alchemy of souls.
[tense music playing]
The alchemy of soul is forbidden magic.
If the soul and body clash,
one could transform into a demon.
Into whose body
would I even dare
to place Your Majesty's soul?
What if you place my soul into your body?
[dramatic music playing]
Not for long. Just seven days.
Switch souls for a week.
I heard that even a soul
that you place into a corpse…
could live in it
for more than half a year.
Between the soul of a king
and the body of his greatest mage,
what is there to worry about?
After seven days,
then you can go and undo this spell.
Now that you've mastered
the alchemy of souls,
something that only
the greatest mages can do,
why waste your time
transplanting souls into decaying corpses?
Jang Gang.
Shift your soul into your king.
[tense music playing]
[epic music playing]
[thunder rumbles]
[epic music continues playing]
[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
[coughing]
His Majesty's soul
and mine have been shifted.
[exhales]
[Seong] I have gone to be with Do-hwa.
When she bears a child,
know that it is mine.
Do-hwa.
You truly are beautiful.
[dramatic music playing]
No, you can't do that!
[grunts]
[chokes]
Don't do this to me!
You can't do this to me!
[shouts] You can't!
[upbeat music playing]
[Jang Uk] The energy of the sky
which reigns over the wind,
the rain, the clouds,
touched the land
and created a massive surge of energy.
And with Lake Gyeongcheondaeho
keeping it contained at its center,
a country was built.
Because of the country's great lake,
the nation was named Daeho.
There are people who can control
the energy of heaven and earth,
and they were called mages.
This tale is a story
about the mages of Daeho,
a place that cannot be found
in history or with a map.
[mysterious music playing]
20 YEARS LATER
So Naksu, the Shadow Assassin
who's been cutting down
mages across the city
is really you.
Everywhere I go,
heads roll, so that's why I chose
"Naksu".
A beautiful name, is it not?
Fire.
Fire!
[dramatic music playing]
[arrows swooshing]
[dramatic music continues playing]
[grunts softly]
We can't let her escape.
-Capture her.
-[mages] Yes, sir!
[ominous music playing]
[exhales roughly]
[footsteps approaching]
[mage 1] This way. Come on.
[tense music playing]
She's over there!
[Naksu grunts]
[mage 3 grunts]
[mage 3 shouts]
[mage 4 grunts, yells]
[mage 5 grunts]
[mage 6 shouts]
[mage 7 shouts]
[mage 8 yells]
[groans]
[Naksu grunts]
[Naksu breathes heavily]
[breathes shakily]
I can't die this way.
Not like this!
[customer 1] Uh, long time no see!
[customer 2] Come on!
Look at his face. Bummer!
[customer 1] What are you drinking?
[indistinct chatter]
[breathes heavily]
-[Mu-deok yelps]
-[Naksu exhales]
[men yelp]
[customer 1] For God's sake!
[customer 2] What's her problem?
[man] Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing?
[woman panting]
[panting continues]
[mysterious music playing]
TAVERN
[Sang-ho] She is already dead.
[spooky music playing]
[gasps]
[breathes heavily]
There's no blue mark of a soul shifter.
But there are still signs
of her soul leaving.
The alchemy of souls…
was not successful.
[suspenseful music playing]
SONGRIM
[door creaking]
[mage] One.
Two.
Three.
[water hissing]
[Heo Yeom] Hmm.
Yul, come and take a look.
Is this Naksu?
Correct.
[Heo Yeom]
This here is the mark of a soul shifter.
Now, take note!
When the alchemy of souls is performed,
right above the heart,
there will be a blue bruise like this.
If she is the alchemy of souls,
does that mean she's still out there?
It seems that she did cast the spell,
but it must have failed.
While there are traces
of the soul leaving the body,
there weren't any signs that she shifted
into the girl's body that she captured.
[soft music playing]
It's a whistle.
[Heo Yeom] A whistle?
Long ago when I had pet birds,
I used a whistle like this.
Did this woman own a pet bird?
Looks like she's carried it
with her for quite a while.
[Heo Yeom] Seems to be
pretty important to her.
Even an assassin who roams around
beheading people with ease is still human.
She must have had
quite the story of her own.
Naksu's body has already
been seen by many people.
Soon, everyone will be talking
about the alchemy of souls.
Has it been 20 years
since the last soul shifter?
Yes, it has.
Mm. That soul shifter who ran wild
and killed all those people…
I am beginning to fear
something like that will happen again.
[Dang-gu] Uncle!
[gasps]
Uncle.
[Dang-gu panting]
Uncle, is it true Naksu's a soul shifter?
Master! Master Heo, did you see it too?
You're a little excited, aren't you?
Especially to spread some rumor around?
The rumors are already spreading.
Everyone's talking about it.
-Where from?
-At Chwiseonru.
So, instead of training
like you should be,
this Jeongjingak's mage
has just been hanging around
and visiting taverns
and engaging with rumors.
[Heo Yeom chuckles]
Well, Songrim Jeongjingak can be
an excellent place for mages to train.
It can also be a great place
to gather information.
Furthermore, Dang-gu would be next in line
to take your place as Songrim's leader,
and the business man
who will lead our home.
-He'll need to know how to drink.
-Mm.
So, now, you tell me.
What drink at Chwiseonru
do you think is best?
Honestly, I don't go there much
since Uk isn't there.
"Uk"? Jang Uk, the son of Jang Gang?
But isn't he learning Jujang scribe
at a bookstore that's in Yeongchundang?
It's been forever
since he's been kicked out of there.
He's over in Gisan, still. I believe.
Training under the Monk Ho-yeon.
I'm the one who sent him there.
Oh! So, Jang Uk, this time,
is training in a temple now.
Today will be
my last day of training here.
[monk] You are nowhere
near finished with your training.
How dare a student speak of
ending his studies in front of his master.
You told me I need to fill
my head with knowledge,
so I memorized every
single word of hundreds of spell books.
You told me to sharpen my mind,
so I sharpened hundreds of knives
until the whetstone wore down.
But you never actually… taught me
how to cast a single spell, did you?
The only lesson
your pupil has ever learned here
is that his master
had no genuine intention
of ever teaching him real magic at all.
And hence why,
having learned this valuable lesson,
your pupil will be taking his leave.
[monk] The leader of Songrim requested
I keep you here three years.
You're using my training fees
to pay to build the new sanctuary, right?
I will not ask for you to return it,
so I hope it goes well for you.
[Jang Uk clicks tongue, sighs]
[monk] I did not give you permission
to end your training. How dare you?
Do I seem to be…
asking for permission right now?
Conceived by your mother's affair
and abandoned by your father.
I never should have expected you
to understand the bond of duty.
It is I who refuses
to teach a boy like you.
[scoffs]
I may not know much about a pupil's duty,
but I know how to be a creditor.
So, if you try saying another word,
your sanctuary will have
no roof to put on.
As I'll be taking my money back.
It's your father's fault
that no master anywhere would dare
to teach you how to cast spells.
Okay, thank you
for worrying about me, master.
But by myself, I… will find
a master who'll guide me.
Someone skilled and extremely strong.
[upbeat music playing]
-[grunts]
-[birds cawing]
Mu-deok, are you all right?
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
[light music playing]
[Mu-deok] Of all people,
why did I enter this body?
[yelps]
-[utensils clattering]
-[customer] What's wrong with you?
[Mu-deok] I was certain
that this woman was blind.
So then, why am I able to see?
Is it because our soul shifted bodies?
I can't find the blue mark
of a soul shifter anywhere on her body.
Is it possible?
If you're feeling sick, just hang on!
We're nearly there, Mu-deok.
[Mu-deok] "Mu-deok."
A blind country girl from Sari Village
bought to be sold off in the fortress.
[broker] Sit down. You'll fall.
[epic music playing]
Thanks for getting me here safely.
But I'll be going now.
[Mu-deok] What is wrong with me?
I have no strength.
Is this body so weak
it can't even climb over this?
[grunts]
My arms are shaking.
Mister! Please! Come and help me, please!
What? Mu-deok!
-Mister, please!
-[broker] Oh, what did you do? Just--
-Just hold on! Hold on…
-Please, Mister!
[broker] Turn around!
Turn around! Hurry! Turn around!
-[boatman] What the hell?
-[broker] I'm coming, Mu-deok!
-Jus a little longer!
-[Mu-deok] I'm slipping.
Aargh! Mister!
[roosters crowing]
[broker] Why would someone
who can't even see
try to dangle off a bridge like that?
-You could've gotten hurt.
-[sighs]
[Mu-deok] This is a huge problem.
All of my power is gone.
[retches]
[broker] Motion sickness?
What are we gonna do?
I can't believe how weak you are.
[Mu-deok] He's right. I'm weak!
This body is completely useless.
I'll have to wait to run away
and remain as Mu-deok for now.
I'm very sorry, Mister.
[broker] It is all right.
Just be more careful! You're too frail.
Let's get you something to eat.
[retches]
[groans softly]
-[dog barks]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[woman] Please, enjoy your meal.
-[broker] Yes, thank you.
Come on! Let's eat!
It's chicken. Eat as much as you want.
[Mu-deok] As an assassin,
I must be sensitive to the smell of blood.
Therefore, I can not eat any creature
that sheds blood like a human.
-No, thank you.
-[broker] Just eat.
I've never eaten meat before. It is…
so delicious.
[bird cawing]
[grunts]
Eat up.
Really… really didn't want
to send you there,
but it's the only place that would
take in someone blind like yourself.
What do you mean?
Where's "there"?
[broker] An elderly woman
in Sari Village took her in
after she lost her parents.
But she got sick and passed away.
All of her debt was passed onto this girl,
so that's why she came here to be sold.
I'm off, then.
How could you sell
this unfortunate kid to a brothel?
-I wish you well.
-Wait! Don't…
[grunts angrily]
[Mu-deok]
I can't believe he fed me chicken
just to sell me to this place.
Once I get my strength back, I will
tear you apart like a piece of chicken.
Oh, you are far too skinny.
I wonder if you'd be prettier
if we fattened you up just a bit.
Don't bother. This body can't
possibly get any prettier.
Do you see how ugly I am?
I don't belong in a brothel.
You better just sell me somewhere else.
Well, you're well-spoken.
That's for certain.
I hear that you can sing.
Are you good? As good as you can talk?
[sniffs]
Oh, we'd better wash you first
and dress you up.
[thrilling music playing]
You didn't tell me
that you could dance, too!
You think I'm dancing right now?
[Mu-deok] If I had any power in my steps,
your arm would have been ripped clean off.
You can't speak to your elders
like that. It's really rude!
You'll be in big trouble
if you treat customers like that.
[Mu-deok] Just wait.
I promise I'll kill you.
We have a lot of powerful people
who come and visit our parlor.
The Four Seasons of Daeho
are regulars of Chwiseonru.
The four what?
In Daeho, there are four houses,
each represented by an heir.
And they are known as the Four Seasons.
-[dreamy music playing]
-[birds chirping]
[Ju-wol] There's the daughter
from the Jin family
who has the vitality of spring.
Jin Cho-yeon.
[upbeat music playing]
The heir to the Park family
whose energy is hot like summer.
Park Dang-gu.
[soft music playing]
The genius of the Seo family who is
as noble as the setting sun in fall.
Seo Yul.
[light music playing]
And then, there is
the Jang family's successor
who is as dazzling
as the winter snow, Jang Uk.
The Jin, the Park, the Seo,
and the Jang families are the four
most important mage dynasties
in all of Daeho.
And their children are the Four Seasons.
So do they call them
the Four Seasons inside the fortress?
[Ju-wol gasps]
It looks like
my summer prince is here now!
[chuckles]
[Mu-deok] If he really is
the heir of the Park family,
then he must be
the nephew of Songrim's Park Jin.
Park Jin.
[woman screams]
He was there on that horrible night.
[somber music playing]
The Jin family.
The Seo family.
The Jang family.
The Park family.
The Four Seasons?
Wherever Naksu may go,
you all will be defeated…
beautifully, just like your name.
Was there a particular reason
that you decided to join us today?
My uncle told me
I had to come and get someone.
Get someone? Who is it?
Some trainee who just came from Gisan,
who embarrassed his master
and then was expelled.
I'm certain he's hiding around here.
[Dang-gu clicks tongue]
Oh, well, well, well, well!
That's funny. It seems to me
someone craves seafood…
-[chuckles]
-…after being stuck
in the mountain for so long.
Mm-hmm. That must be his room, then.
[Ju-wol clears throat]
[Dang-gu clears throat]
[exhales deeply]
Wow!
Thanks to all your hard work,
my uncle now has to go
all the way up to Gisan
and beg for that monk's forgiveness.
Meanwhile, you're just
sitting here, all alone,
enjoying this delicious-looking crab.
No, I haven't eaten it yet.
It's too much of a hassle.
You came at the perfect time.
Cast something to break the shell.
Whoa, you…
[laughs softly]
You want to use a violent spell
just so you can rip the crab meat
from its shell. There is one!
But instead of the crab, hmm,
I think I'd rather use it on you.
Dang-gu, if that monk had taught me
a spell to remove a crab shell,
I know that I wouldn't have left
the way I did.
Even if he taught you,
could you actually do it?
I mean, you father still has
your gate of energy blocked.
Then he should have opened it.
That's what masters do
for their students, right?
They need to open what's blocked.
No one in Daeho is
bold enough or brave enough
to even try to go against
your father to open your gate for you.
There are fearless people, though.
For example, there is…
[exhales]
… the Shadow Assassin called Naksu.
Do not be ridiculous.
Are you saying she's not skilled?
Even the leader had a tough time with her.
She is dead, very dead.
I heard that she performed
the alchemy of souls,
so she might be alive.
Uh, where did you hear that from?
Do you really think
I just came here to eat some crab, huh?
Any news in Daeho can be heard
at Chwiseonru before Jeongjingak.
Just crack it open already, will you?
If you already knew the spell
to shelling the crabs,
it's the least you can do.
And you should be able
to pull the crab meat out
with your own hands, right?
You lazy ass!
[dog barks]
You look so pretty now
that you're washed and cleaned up.
I'll do your makeup now.
Thank you, but I can do it myself.
But you can't even see.
Do you really think
you can do it on your own?
[sighs] I've never done anything
like this before,
so I need time to get ready emotionally.
I'd like to be alone for a moment.
Of course! Just come out
when you're ready.
[door opens]
It's a lot easier
to fool people in this woman's body.
To make my escape,
I'll need some money.
Is this real gold?
This one's made of jade.
[Ju-wol] Mu-deok, I want you
to try this new shade.
What are you doing?
Ju-wol, what is wrong?
Can you see me?
[suspenseful music playing]
[shouts]
[grunts, coughs]
Someone go grab her!
Catch that thief!
[groans]
[Mu-deok] It's way too high.
[indistinct chatter]
-[woman laugh]
-[man] Here!
[Jang Uk] What are you looking at?
[soft music playing]
You're…
Don't try to make a sound.
I'd heard that they just
brought a girl who was unable to see.
But you can.
I think I might have heard of your name.
What was it again?
It starts with a D, right?
No! No, it's not!
Oh, that's right!
Mu-deok.
That's right. My name is Mu-deok.
And now that I've gotten
a good look at your face,
if you do not stay quiet
until I get out of here,
I will come back here
and slit your throat.
[Jang Uk scoffs]
What's so funny?
Your beautiful eyes.
Just stop that now!
Uh, sorry. Only your eyes are pretty.
You must be crazy.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
Mu-deok!
Hey, hey! There's not much
to take in there.
Take this!
Take this instead.
-Here!
-[yells]
-Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, hey…
-[shattering]
[bird cawing]
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
[door opens]
[scoffs]
-What are you looking at? Huh?
-Nothing.
Park Dang-gu.
I heard the Shadow Assassin,
Naksu, used Tansu to fight.
[scoffs]
Do you even know what Tansu is?
Mm, yes, I read a bit about it.
TANSU
[Dang-gu] Tansu, you see,
is a style of swordsmanship that only
the best mages can attempt to practice.
Just like you can flick water,
you can flick your energy with your blade.
Even a single move
could be enough to end your life.
[upbeat music playing]
Wait, hold on.
Why do you ask?
I was wondering whether or not
I almost got killed
by this crab like just now.
Ah, give it here!
Come on! Give it, I'll de-shell it for--
Hey, Jang Uk, that's a critical hit.
That's my vital point.
In one move, she aimed at my vital point.
[Dang-gu exhales]
-But that's it.
-[exhales]
Then why did she fall off?
[crowd chattering]
[Mu-deok] How is it that
this tiny body is always so hungry,
no matter how much I eat?
I'll only get weak if I let myself starve.
Guess there's no choice, then.
Ah!
[rooster crowing]
[exhales angrily]
[lion roars]
Now is not the time to fight. Keep it in.
[clears throat]
[male seller] Look! It's mages
from Jeongjingak.
[thrilling music playing]
I heard that an assassin entered
Songrim Jeongjingak.
[man 1] I heard that she was
after the leader, but was killed.
-[woman gasps]
-[man 2] The assassin is a young woman.
[female seller] Oh, my!
[romantic music playing]
[Mu-deok] He must have
already seen my dead body.
He wouldn't recognize me anyway.
That whistle…
he wouldn't have remembered that either.
[menacing music playing]
[Gil-ju] There's no sign that
Naksu travelled through here.
However, it seems like
she failed to shift souls.
[Jin Mu] Even if she were to succeed,
she's probably in hiding
because she encountered a problem.
An assassin whose identity
has been revealed must be forsaken.
We need to retrieve her body and sword.
Destroy any trace of Naksu
that's left behind.
[Gil-ju] If somehow she's still alive,
what should I do, then?
[Jin Mu] She'll either be found
as a soul shifter and killed,
or she'll run wild as her soul
and new body clash until she is stoned.
I trained her to become
the ultimate assassin.
What a pity!
[sighs]
[Mu-deok clicks tongue]
How much more do you need to study it?
These are pricey.
I need to inspect them closely.
I don't need much money for it.
Just pay me a rough estimate, okay?
[male merchant] Right over here!
-This is her! Take her!
-What…
[male merchant] Get her out of here.
[man screams]
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[Mu-deok] Where am I?
Did they realize who I am?
So, then, is this Songrim?
Are you finally awake?
Who are you? And where am I?
The home of Master Jang Gang,
the Gwanju of Cheonbugwan.
[Mu-deok] "Jang Gang"?
This is the house of the Jang family?
I don't know why the Young Master
decided to bring someone so frail-looking
into this house.
-"Young Master"?
-That's right.
Young Master Uk
of this house paid the brothel
before bringing you back home with him.
I heard that you…
stole from the Young Master
at the brothel. Is that so?
[Jang Uk] Take this instead.
-[yelps]
-Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, hey!
[Mu-deok] What does he want with me?
I was quite worried when he said he was
bringing a girl home from the brothel.
But now that I've seen you, I care less.
He just brought you here out of pity.
Here.
Go! Get changed!
Mu-deok, now.
-What the hell is this?
-Really?
Your uniform as
the Young Master's servant.
Also, how dare you speak
like that to your elder, young lady!
[scoffs]
Young Master is very frail,
so he gets tired very easily.
So you need to do your tasks
as soon as the Young Master requests them.
And also, regardless of what
he says to you, always smile.
Do you understand me?
Yes.
Good.
He wanted to see you as soon as
you woke up, so go get changed quickly.
Understand?
Yes…
Missus.
Please call me "ma'am",
nothing other than that.
"The Young Master"?
Why would he bring me here?
Your beautiful eyes…
Did he fall for me?
[whimsical music playing]
For this ugly face?
[scoffs]
He has such a terrible taste.
[clicks tongue]
[Mu-deok] Regardless,
until I can regain my power,
it might be safer if I just hide out here.
If he really has fallen for this body,
at least I'll be treated well.
So, then…
at least while I'm here,
I will be Mu-deok.
Young Master. Mu-deok is here.
[Jang Uk] Come in.
[dramatic music playing]
[Mu-deok] Young Master.
I wanted to thank you
so much for saving my life.
Thank you for bringing me here.
It only took a few ordinary men
to drag you over here.
-That's disappointing.
-I know that it was very rude of me
to threaten you the way
I did with that crab leg,
but please forgive me for it.
You found some manners, I see!
I'll serve you the best
that I possibly can.
Fine, you go do your best.
Mu-deok, go and fetch me
some water, please.
Yes, Young Master.
[door opens]
Hang on.
Not drinking water, washing water.
Ah, yes, Young Master.
Instead of washing my face,
I'll just take a bath.
[groans]
Hot, hot!
Gosh, this is far too hot!
Yes, Young Master.
Oh. It's cold.
It's a bit too cold.
It doesn't feel cold.
It is. I'll get sick if I bathe in this.
-[Mu-deok] What's with this asshole?
-It's freezing.
[Mu-deok] Is he not in love with me?
What? Are you gonna fix it?
Yes, Young Master.
-I'll get some hot water.
-[cat meows]
Salty.
Oh! Too sweet. So spicy.
Too long. What is this thing?
I won't eat this.
[chuckles softly]
This water smells kinda strange.
Does it smell?
Bring me a new bucket.
[sighs]
I'll need a different blanket.
I feel like I'll sleep better
with the blue blanket tonight.
[whimsical music playing]
[sighs]
He doesn't even do a damn thing all day,
and yet he still needs
to take three baths a day.
[exhales]
I will kill him.
When I regain my energy, he's going
to be the first person that I kill.
Young Master, I brought you cold water.
I have it here.
Oh, good. The water finally cooled.
Ah, just right!
[thuds]
Great job…
No, hold on! I was pointless, Mu-deok.
[Jang Uk laughs]
[Jang Uk yawns]
[ominous music playing]
[Mu-deok] If I had my power…
if I had even a tenth of my energy
coursing through these hands…
Hold on! What?
What… what is happening?
[groaning]
[yells]
[coughs]
[Jang Uk] Something funny?
What?
Why are you smiling at me like that, huh?
It's nothing, Young Master.
The water's refreshing.
[chuckles]
My clothes!
Yes, Young Master.
[sighs]
[Jang Uk clears throat]
What are you doing?
Oh, here you go.
You can go. That's enough for today.
Yes, Young Master.
That was definitely a Spirit Plaque
that could allow me to open
the barrier and enter Songrim.
But I can't cast spells to help me break
the barrier into Songrim
in my current state.
[Mu-deok] I should find my sword.
My power might return
if I can hold my sword.
If I had the Spirit Plaque,
nothing can stop me
from entering into Songrim now.
SONGRIM
[Sang-ho] So, how long do you plan on
keeping Naksu's body here?
If she somehow successfully shifted souls,
Naksu…
will come to get her sword.
Since her body is here,
she will surely come.
So just wait and watch for the time being.
[maid Kim] Maybe it's just because
your father's room is always empty,
but it never seems to get dusty.
I wonder when he'll come back.
The color in your mother's portrait
has faded quite a bit.
We should call
for a painter to touch it up.
[somber music playing]
[young Jang Uk] I have memorized
every single book you told me to read.
So, just like you and Dang-gu,
please, let me study spells at Songrim.
That sword there,
it belongs to your father.
Now, take it out.
[wind howling]
But my gate of energy is blocked,
I'm not able to unsheathe
a sword that has a spell on it.
How can you expect
to learn how to cast any spells
when you can't even unsheathe
your father's sword?
As Songrim's leader,
can't you just open my gate of energy?
[Jin] No!
I can't do that.
Then…
please go find me a new master that can.
No master will ever help.
There is no mage in Daeho
that would go against your father
and dare to open
your gate of energy for you.
Then what you're telling me…
that it's impossible
for me, no matter what?
That is the fate that your father…
has determined for you.
[young Jang Uk] That's not fair!
Why does he get to decide my future?
No one even considers him
to be my father, anyway!
I will find someone.
A master who's willing to open up
my gate of energy and teach me.
I will find someone on my own.
And unsheathe that sword
so I can break it in half.
[somber music playing]
[woman 1] I heard that
Uk was expelled again.
How can the son of the great Lord
get away with behaving like that?
Well, he's not his real son.
I heard his mother,
the most beautiful woman in Daeho,
slept with another man before Uk was born.
[woman 2] I doubt that's true.
[woman 1] Why not? Why else would he
block his own son's gate of energy
and then run away?
Did his father really do something to him?
[Mu-deok] The Spirit Plaque should be
here somewhere.
Where is it?
[suspenseful music playing]
Am I stupid? Why did I hide here?
What will he think if he sees me?
What will I say to him?
I didn't bring you into my service
with this in mind.
Well, uh…
you kept telling me
how cold you were, Young Master.
I thought that I could
warm up the bed for you.
If you lay down right now, you can sleep
soundly as you'll be warm all night.
Oh, really?
Oh!
[chuckles]
That was kind of you.
[nervous chuckle]
-Well, good night, then.
-Where are you going?
You said you would
keep me warm, didn't you?
Keep my bed
nice and hot…
all night.
Warm it up.
[Mu-deok] What?
Is he really in love with me?
Did I fall into his trap?
Young Master…
my body won't produce
enough heat to keep you warm.
Ever since I was a child,
I easily get cold.
So my body is always unbearably frigid.
[Jang Uk exhales]
[upbeat music playing]
I refuse to do whatever sick thing
you're trying to get me to do.
Could you just bring
the brazier over here already?
The brazier?
Yeah, I just want you to bring
the brazier, so it's right next to my bed,
so I stay warm.
Oh.
Stay warm.
[Naksu clears throat]
Here you go.
Hey, if it's that close, it will be too…
It will get too hot, right?
Ah, oh, way… way too hot.
[sighs]
Stay there
and keep the fire going all night.
I promise I'll sell you if it goes out.
Yes, Young Master.
[exhales]
Hey! All right, all right.
Dang-gu is here.
[exhales]
What is that? Oh, it's a whistle.
[Seo Yul] Mm.
I believe that I actually made this.
Oh, that's right, that's right.
You had a pet bird, right?
Are you getting a new one?
No, not that. I just found it
with someone I didn't expect.
I wonder why she ended up with it.
[Dang-gu] Did you give it to her?
Hey, maybe you just forgot all about it.
Can't be.
I clearly remember
the person that I gave this to.
[soft music playing]
Well, then, just go and ask her.
[stutters]
Are you really going to do it right now?
I need a closer look at something.
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[tense music playing]
Who are these people?
[man] Stop!
We have intruders!
Intruders!
[swords clanking]
[attacker grunts]
[action music playing]
-[attacker yelps]
-[Dang-gu exclaims]
Go back.
[swords whooshing]
[all clamoring]
Step aside!
[dramatic music playing]
[Dang-gu] Yul.
What's going on here?
The Training Center has been set on fire.
Is there anyone at Jeongjingak now?
Master Yul and Dang-gu
should still be there.
Uncle Jin, are you okay?
The intruders have all fled from here.
So, Jeongjingak is empty.
[footsteps approaching]
-Go after them.
-[all] Sir!
[Mu-deok] Who were those men?
Did the Danju send them here?
[Mu] The one whose soul you must collect
this time is Park Jin,
the leader of Songrim.
Right.
The Danju must have sent them
to come get my body.
[objects clacking]
Who is there?
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathes heavily]
Young Master?
[shushes]
What are you doing here?
Because of your eyes.
Eyes?
[soft music playing]
I knew you'd be my master…
as soon as I saw that.
[closing theme music playing]
[Jang Uk] A soul shifter.
The Shadow Assassin, Naksu.
I have been searching all over
to find the greatest master to serve.
The one who'll open my gate of energy.
I want you to be my master.
I would never have imagined such nonsense.
One of Naksu's men is in here.
They're going to catch him.
As of now,
we'll seek out that soul shifter.
Pretend you know nothing,
even if they catch me.
Stay right by my side.
[Mu-deok] Throughout my life,
I've only met those
who have wanted me dead.
You are the first person
who's ever tried… to save my life.
Even if you come this close to me again,
I promise I will spare you.